This is my father.
Professor of physics at a renowned university
This is my mother
famous painter
You two are usually relatively low-key.
Don't let me overturn my degree
Our Yuan family
Faux pas heirloom
Tutoring is careful, yes
An excellent girl like Miss Yan
Only then can we be qualified to be the daughter-in-law of our Yuan family
The Yuan family is an elite in the academic world
It's a match for us
It's not like some inferior people
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Is my son's engagement party here?
Kaikai
Hey Kaikai hahaha hey
Hey
Oh, I don't know him.
What's up?
Are you looking in the wrong place? Go back
You little brat
I'm your mother.
You don't even know Pa anymore
Yuan Kai, what's going on?
Who is your real mother?
It's the famous painter on stage
Or this big lady
Security guard
Come and drag me away